docs/data-sources/model.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openwebui_model Data Source - openwebui"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches a model by name.
---

# openwebui_model (Data Source)

Fetches a model by name.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the model.

### Read-Only

- `access_control` (Attributes) Access control settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control))
- `base_model_id` (String) The ID of the base model.
- `created_at` (Number) Timestamp when the model was created.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether the model is active.
- `is_private` (Boolean) Whether the model is private.
- `meta` (Attributes) Model metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta))
- `name` (String) The name of the model.
- `params` (Attributes) Model parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--params))
- `updated_at` (Number) Timestamp when the model was last updated.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user who created the model.

<a id="nestedatt--access_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control`

Read-Only:

- `read` (Attributes) Read access settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--read))
- `write` (Attributes) Write access settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--write))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control--read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.read`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (List of String) List of group IDs with read access.
- `user_ids` (List of String) List of user IDs with read access.


<a id="nestedatt--access_control--write"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.write`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (List of String) List of group IDs with write access.
- `user_ids` (List of String) List of user IDs with write access.



<a id="nestedatt--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Read-Only:

- `capabilities` (Attributes) Model capabilities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta--capabilities))
- `description` (String) Description of the model.
- `filter_ids` (List of String) List of filter IDs.
- `profile_image_url` (String) URL for the model's profile image.
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--meta--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta.capabilities`

Read-Only:

- `citations` (Boolean) Whether the model supports citations.
- `usage` (Boolean) Whether to track usage statistics.
- `vision` (Boolean) Whether the model supports vision tasks.


<a id="nestedatt--meta--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta.tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.



<a id="nestedatt--params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `params`

Read-Only:

- `frequency_penalty` (Number) Frequency penalty.
- `max_tokens` (Number) Maximum number of tokens to generate.
- `min_p` (Number) Minimum probability threshold.
- `num_batch` (Number) Batch size for processing.
- `num_ctx` (Number) Context window size.
- `num_keep` (Number) Number of tokens to keep from prompt.
- `reasoning_effort` (String) Reasoning effort level.
- `repeat_last_n` (Number) Number of tokens to consider for repetition penalty.
- `seed` (Number) Random seed for reproducibility.
- `stream_response` (Boolean) Whether to stream responses.
- `system` (String) System prompt for the model.
- `temperature` (Number) Sampling temperature.
- `top_k` (Number) Top-k sampling parameter.
- `top_p` (Number) Top-p sampling parameter.

Commit message:

Enable enabling native function_calling support

docs/data-sources/model.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openwebui_model Data Source - openwebui"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches a model by name.
---

# openwebui_model (Data Source)

Fetches a model by name.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the model.

### Read-Only

- `access_control` (Attributes) Access control settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control))
- `base_model_id` (String) The ID of the base model.
- `created_at` (Number) Timestamp when the model was created.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether the model is active.
- `is_private` (Boolean) Whether the model is private.
- `meta` (Attributes) Model metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta))
- `name` (String) The name of the model.
- `params` (Attributes) Model parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--params))
- `updated_at` (Number) Timestamp when the model was last updated.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user who created the model.

<a id="nestedatt--access_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control`

Read-Only:

- `read` (Attributes) Read access settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--read))
- `write` (Attributes) Write access settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--write))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control--read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.read`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (List of String) List of group IDs with read access.
- `user_ids` (List of String) List of user IDs with read access.


<a id="nestedatt--access_control--write"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.write`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (List of String) List of group IDs with write access.
- `user_ids` (List of String) List of user IDs with write access.



<a id="nestedatt--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Read-Only:

- `capabilities` (Attributes) Model capabilities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta--capabilities))
- `description` (String) Description of the model.
- `filter_ids` (List of String) List of filter IDs.
- `profile_image_url` (String) URL for the model's profile image.
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--meta--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta.capabilities`

Read-Only:

- `citations` (Boolean) Whether the model supports citations.
- `usage` (Boolean) Whether to track usage statistics.
- `vision` (Boolean) Whether the model supports vision tasks.


<a id="nestedatt--meta--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta.tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.



<a id="nestedatt--params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `params`

Read-Only:

- `frequency_penalty` (Number) Frequency penalty.
- `function_calling` (String) Type of function calling support (set to 'native' if enabled).
- `max_tokens` (Number) Maximum number of tokens to generate.
- `min_p` (Number) Minimum probability threshold.
- `num_batch` (Number) Batch size for processing.
- `num_ctx` (Number) Context window size.
- `num_keep` (Number) Number of tokens to keep from prompt.
- `reasoning_effort` (String) Reasoning effort level.
- `repeat_last_n` (Number) Number of tokens to consider for repetition penalty.
- `seed` (Number) Random seed for reproducibility.
- `stream_response` (Boolean) Whether to stream responses.
- `system` (String) System prompt for the model.
- `temperature` (Number) Sampling temperature.
- `top_k` (Number) Top-k sampling parameter.
- `top_p` (Number) Top-p sampling parameter.
